New docs issue template (#3202)
simolus3/drift: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/docs.md

---
name: 'Drift docs: Issue / Feature request'
about: Create a report to help improve drift's docs
title: ''
labels: ['docs']
assignees: ''
---

**Description**

> Thanks for taking the time to file an issue for drift's docs!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks for taking the time to file an issue for drift's documentation website or dartdocs!
```

> For feature requests, please describe the feature you're interested in.
> 
> For information requests, please describe what you think is missing from
> the docs and if possible where should this information be placed.

Reviewer: Hopefully we'll have a complete docs site after the switch to MkDocs and users won't have to ask for basic things like a copy button for code snippets :D So let's merge these paragraphs into one:

```suggestion
If you are looking for information that you feel is not sufficiently explained on the
website (or too hard to find), please describe what the site is missing and, if possible,
where you think the information should be added.
```

> For bug reports, please describe what is wrongand what do you believe should
> be written instead.

Reviewer: IMO it's not really a bug if it's text.

```suggestion
If something on a page appears to be wrong or outdated, please include a link to
the relevant section and mention what didn't work (or possibly what should be
written instead).
```

> **Versions**
> 
> Please add here the versions of `drift` you're using. It might be relevant to the docs to show somethings version-wise in specific cases.
> 
> **Screenshots**
> 
> Add screenshots and videos here if needed to help explain your point. For example if something in the website is not behaving correctly.
> 
> **Aditional info**
> 
> Write down any aditional info/discussion for this issue.

Reviewer: From experience, most reports don't need versions or screenshots, so it might be a bit annoying for users to remove them from the template every time:

```suggestion
**Aditional info**

Write down any aditional info/discussion for this issue. If you think the documentation issue may be related to your drift version, please include the versions of `drift` you're using.
Also, feel free to add screenshots or videos if they help explaining the documentation issue.
```
